Okay, first thing first, open the
editor.
Then go to games, select third person as
template, rename the pro. Okay, hit
create. Rename the project landscape
here. Create.
Okay. Now, let's go here the content
drawer add. Go to the marketplace
and download this asset from here.
MW
then skip auto material
this one.
I write this in search bar. Download it
and press add to project.
The download is beginning.
Okay. After this close this want to go
to this website to generate a custom
height map for the Unreal Engine.
Okay, I want to use custom height map.
This is the map.
We are in the Canada. I want to use this
map as a mountain.
Okay.
After choosing choosing your place, I
choose this place. Set your latitude and
longitude. The zoom output. Okay. For
the output for the engine 5,
you can use
as we shown right here with 1,25
for the height. The same thing. Okay.
Default sizes. You can choose what you
want from those. I want to choose this
custom.
After that, hit generate
the height map. After generating the
site map, we can get it right here.
Okay, let's return here to the engine
and go to fine, create new level, set
empty level. After setting this, go to
the window environment light mixer to
set up the lighting from here.
After that, let's go here to landscape
mode.
I want to create new landscape from port
height map from file height map file.
Let's choose my height map. This one.
Okay. This is the resolution. I choose
it
one to five.
Okay. Hit import.
Okay, this is our mountain.
Let's set up the speed of the camera
and let's go here.
Let's go on this place
and go to the basic
source for clear third.
Add right here. Return here to
landscape.
Okay. Fine. Downloading is finished.
Now let's return here to content drawer
and go to content. This is my MW
landscape auto material. Go to material
landscape. From this we have to choose
my mountain.
Click once here. Click once here to the
landscape. Go down on a landscape
material.
Click here
right here to the landscape.
Select H.
It's disappeared.
What's the problem with this?
Let's search it.
Okay, I find let's
take some time to generate the texture
at the first time.
I think the texture is already Let's see
what's the problem. Let's return here to
my height map
and change this
and let's see the difference. Generate
height map.
Let's return right here to the engine.
Select the landscape and delete it.
Landscape. Okay, where is my new height
map? Hit import.
Okay, let's see it's fix it or not.
Let's go here. Select this. Select
landscape.
Add my landscape material.